hi I'm going to show you exactly how to
unlock a Motorola
Rogers phone follow the step-by-step
video and you'll understand exactly the
process that takes unlock any Rogers
Motorola phone
so
we need to get the IMEI number which is
used to calculate the unlock code right
so now to get it you notice it says
insert sim you also notice that when I
press a button it says emergency calls
only so you can ignore the emergency
calls only type in star pound zero six
pound and a number will come up on your
screen now when you go to global mouth
comm you're going to enter this number
into here let's call the IMEI number
now each unlock code is unique to each
phone so what you do is you enter that
on the globalnoc comm website and when
processed you'll get an unlock code
which is unique to your phone so I'm
going to tell you right now if you try
to the unlock code in this demo video
it's not going to work for you you need
to get get it from global na komm in
order for it to work for you
the unlock process so narrow the first
thing you need to do is you need to put
a not allowed SIM card in what in our
lab SIM card is basically any other
network than the original network this
is a Rogers bone so what I'm reading is
I'm putting a t-mobile SIM card in it
Rogers and Canada t-mobile's in the US
it doesn't matter what network now it
doesn't necessarily have to be the sim
card that you're going to use with the
phone
like for example t-mobile SIM card I put
in actually does it doesn't have a live
line on it but it will work so this
point you've gone to global off comm
you've got your unlock code and you are
ready to go a couple things you make a
contact service provider message that
means that you've tried the wrong code
too many times we've got ways to get
around that so don't worry about that
message now you've got intercept city
code so what you need to do right now is
you need to enter the subsidy code into
the phone so I'm going to enter the one
again it's unique for this phone so it's
not going to work on your phone and you
can't even see it because who I'm typing
3 0 9 9 9 8 4 7 so once you've done that
you click the top corner it says ok
watch what happens now chose Fido now it
shows the number that was actually on
the sim current I should know about it
was a vital this is a Fido phone which
is owned by Rogers
so now let's searching for the network
it's not going to find a network how
would you like to personalize no so
what's going to happen is you're
actually able to enter into the menus
that actually shows that the phone has
been unlocked where before same t-mobile
SIM card that is in there when I put
that in you are not able to actually
make calls with this phone it's an inter
subsidy code now that you're actually
able to do that thank you very much we
hope you really enjoyed this video go to
global unlock calm and get your phone
unlocked if you haven't already got the
unlock code if you have thank you very
much for your business and I hope you
enjoyed it thicker
you